## Prelude
Wow, Food as medicine. Bob has been using awesome & delicious food to overcome his health issues with obesity and high blood pressure. He feels lucky that he found this great platform known as **`Farmacy Food`** whose slogan is `Food As Medicine`. He has been sharing this idea widely within his circles and looking more better ways and means to become an engaged customer where he can be the vocie of the this great initiative, connect with other similar minded people as well as areas where he can improve to address his struggles with his medical conditions. Today, Bob was reflecting back and feeling good that he found this platform. Farmacy Food was an idea started with a basic kitchen but with this unique idea and vision of using Food as medicine. We all know that now its a reality and the **`Farmcy Food`** platform is there with lot of customers getting benefits out of it. Its amazing to not worry about medicine but enjoy great & delicious food yet make sure we are working through to improve our medical sturrgles.

## Vision
We have been thinking about the extention of  **`Farmcy Food`** as well as heard our customers and we are happy to share that we have started our efforts to establish **`Farmacy Family`**. The overall idea is to make sure we provide a platform to our huge customer base where they can better engage themselves, be the vocie of the program, educate themselves via different wellness programs offered through this new platform, easily able to engage with medical providers to get better insights about how their overall health is doing and rely on the **`Farmacy Family`** platform for better suggestions to improve their helath using food as medicine.